[docs] Update example and Invoke permissions for videos sub-section in ImagePicker reference (#40971)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/imagepicker.mdx

```tsx
import { useState } from 'react';
import { Alert, Button, Image, View, StyleSheet } from 'react-native';
import * as ImagePicker from 'expo-image-picker';

export default function ImagePickerExample() {
  const [image, setImage] = useState<string | null>(null);

  const pickImage = async () => {

>     // No permissions request is necessary for launching the image library.

Author: For images, the permission is not required. I wanted to keep in the example as a reference.

}
```

### Invoke permissions for videos <PlatformTags platforms={['ios']} />

> Starting SDK 54, picking videos on iOS while `allowsEditing` is `true` or when [`videoExportPreset`](#videoexportpreset) is set to any other value than `Passthrough`, it won't trigger a permission request by default. However, there will be an increase in time for picker to open for large or newly recorded videos which haven't been processed internally by iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDK 54 and later, picking videos on iOS while `allowsEditing` is `true` or when [`videoExportPreset`](#videoexportpreset) is set to any other value than `Passthrough`, it won't trigger a permission request by default. However, there will be an increase in time for picker to open for large or newly recorded videos which haven't been processed internally by iOS.
```
